---
Finding relevant data
---
7/5/19
What a struggle.

While working on a recent project, I wanted to find out exactly where all the tech companies are in NYC. The ideal data set in my mind would at least have the the company names, the industries they're involved in, and something marking their location. While I found something close, I didn't quite get what I needed. This blog post is an effort to find out why I didn't find *what I needed* and how I can find *relevant datasets* in the future.

All I have now are my own thoughts on the matter, but this is post is still in progress. I'd like to have a discussion with people more knowledgeable on the matter before I wrap this up.

In my (rather inexperienced) eyes, data science is a matter of asking the right questions and using the right tools to answer them. Each part of the process from start to finish will fall into these buckets, so if I ever get stuck, I can use these ideas to reframe my thinking.

My initial thoughts are that my question was not ideal. Was it too specific? After finding similar datasets, could I have used those instead for the project, or put them together to answer my question?

Another possibility is that my method for finding data is flawed. Was I looking in the right places? I felt lost just using google to find datasets; it seems like there would be more relevant ways to search for data. I've heard of web scraping, but I don't know much about it. Could I have utilized it?

My plan is to ask these questions to people that have done much more work with data than I have, and report back.
